---
id: mrbeast
outcome: L1-noise
title: Common Knowledge Baseline
medium_type: text
---

This is my friend Majd. And if he loses 100 pounds in the next year, I will give him $250,000. This is Majd’s new home, and he'll have his own personal gym, unlimited healthy food, and everything else he needs to lose 100 pounds. This is actually crazy. But Majd, there is a catch. If you step on this red line before you lose 100 pounds, the challenge ends, and you get nothing. If he actually loses 100 pounds, this will be the craziest transformation ever. This is my home for the next year. This is actually insane. See that? That’s my gym! 250K… that's the goal. Anything you need to lose 100 pounds, you literally have it here. This is the longest challenge we’ve ever done. This might be one of the longest challenges ever done. And I didn't know it yet, but the journey Majd would experience in this video was unlike anything we've ever captured. It will go down as one of the most powerful stories we've ever shared on this channel. Honestly, I'm super excited. 364 more days. I’ll see you guys tomorrow. Good morning. It’s day two. What do I want for breakfast? Ooh, you know what? Could make an omelet. Going from PB and J's, energy drinks… to this! First breakfast of many. All right, well… I guess I better start working out. One… He just started working out and I think he's already going to bed. I think it's hitting him just how hard this is gonna be. Which is why we got him a trainer. I'm gonna go introduce ‘em. This is your personal trainer, Coach Wall. - You're about to get me shredded? - Yes, sir. - About to lose this belly? - Yep. I can't wait to see this man skinny and jacked. Come on! One of the most exciting things about this video, is right now, Majd doesn’t even know how to squat. By the end of this video, he's gonna be a machine. Sit your butt down toward your heels. Drive back up. I might poop myself doing that, brah. How much do you think your life will change once you lose this 100 pounds? I'll just be happier. Longevity of life. You know, being able to be with my fam. My niece and nephew, that's really the most important, so. The beginning of Majd’s fitness journey was off to an incredible start. He stayed active every single day. …Five. Good. Come on! But since we were only weighing him once a month, he didn't even know how much progress he had made. 100 pounds is tough. I don't even know if I've lost any weight yet. But Coach was teaching him how to eat healthy for the first time in his life. Coach cooking today. He teaching me how to grill! - That's good, right? - That's so good. The plan your trainer laid out for you… You've been completing up to 18,000 steps per day, you've been lifting weights 5 days a week, and you're only eating 2,500 calories per day. This is life-changing, right? I want to lose this healthily. This is what I've been eating. This is what's been getting me full. This is the new and reformed Majd, not the past Majd. Every day of his first month, from the moment he woke up, Majd put everything into losing this weight. From cooking and eating healthy meals to doing every workout Coach designed for him. And honestly, it was amazing to watch. This is the face of a man who wants it. - Fantastic job today. - Thank you so much. Super proud of you. It has officially been 30 days since Majd began his weight loss journey, and he has no idea how much weight he has lost. Let's go find out. It's been a month! - Let's go! - Yeah. How you doin', man? Oh my gosh, he's sweaty— which is what you want to see! Means he's working hard. It's been a month in here. And now it is time for your first monthly weigh-in. We're gonna do this every month until you've lost 100 pounds. Majd, when you are ready, step on the scale and reveal how much weight you have lost! Come on! When you started this video, you weighed 324 pounds and now… - Holy crap… Majd. - No way. You lost 20 pounds! What!? Yeah! That is insane! 20 pounds! - That’s insane, man. Congrats. - Let’s go, baby! Majd, that's 20% of the total weight you need to lose in this video. The weigh-in isn’t all I had planned for today. What do you got planned? Every 30 days, we're gonna be introducing challenges where you can add money to the prize pool. On day 1, we tested you, and you weren't very good at doing push-ups. So your first challenge is: On day 60, after your second monthly weigh-in, for every push-up you can do, I will add $1,000 to the prize pool. So if you do 100 push-ups, I'll give you $100,000. Wait, that's actually crazy. That's a lot. Anyways, I'll see you for the next weigh-in. Bye, Jimmy. Thanks. What can we expect over the next 30 days from Majd? Over time, we're only going to decrease his calories, increase his activity, and up his cardio. So it's gonna get harder with him as the video goes on. He is gonna suffer. This is gonna get harder for him. And every 20 pounds Majd loses moving forward, you'll be able to see a noticeable difference in his physical appearance. I lost 20 pounds, which is crazy. This is not like, “Oh, I lost 20 pounds, let's go.” No, the challenge is lose 100 pounds, you know? And with Coach Wall’s help, you know, I think we're gonna crush this. And crush it, they did. Oh, whoa! Look at this guy! 22… 23… Majd was the definition of determined. Gimme 25. Alongside the help of Coach and his best friend, Chandler. Pushin' each other. Love it. 'Cause when the opportunity arises where, hey, Jimmy asked me to do push-ups. You know, if I hit 50 push-ups, I could win 50 grand. I didn't expect that. 1… 2… 3… 4… All right, first smoothie ever. Literally the first smoothie that I have ever made in my entire life. Protein scoop… Oh, let's hope this is good. Bruh, I'm not gonna lie, that looks pretty good. I'm just gonna do the fruit bowl from now on. It was obvious that just doing push-ups every day wasn't going to keep Majd on pace to lose his weight. So as you might have guessed, Coach was there by his side day in and day out, helping him push the bar. - What's up, chat? - How you doing? What up, big dawg? What a day, man. I'm almost done here. - You're almost done. - Holy— Sorry, bro. Come here, man. Every single morning. Make breakfast. I’ll walk my track. I'll play basketball. I know, like, a lot of it's the same. It's literally how my days have been. This is it, bro. I'm really doin' it! And I love it, I’m so grateful for it. I like how much you're having to pull-up your pants. That means we’re on the right track. Yeah, I hit 15k steps yesterday. - 15? - That's what we do here. Let's go. Steak, egg, and cheese today. Every day it’s looking better, right? Every single day. Unbelievable. Now, pushing your body to its limits every single day isn't healthy. So we made sure Majd took rest days and got weekly checkups from a doctor monitoring his progress. You're healthy, doing great. Your stamina's improved. So I think you should continue with the weight loss that you're doing. That's awesome. Thank you so much, doctor. I just gotta make my basketball shots, do 20 push-ups, and 20 minutes on elliptical. Should be a breeze. But even after rest days, Majd was still just locked in as ever. I have a goal that I wake up every morning and I go to. Every morning, I choose to win. I believe in myself. I believe in myself to the highest. There's not a doubt in my mind where I can't achieve something that, you know, I'm putting into my mind. Good work this week. This might be the best week yet. Your gains, the increases and everything. Let's just say push-ups have gotten significantly easier. We're now on day 50, and I brought Majd a special present. - Majd! - What up, baby? You've been killing it in here. You've been following your diet, working out consistently, and walking more than 5 miles a day. And to celebrate, I brought you a gift. Get outta here. Brand new clothes! You have lost so much weight, we got you clothes that is one size smaller. One size smaller than this? Let's see if it fits. Oh, yeah. What do you think? Does it fit? Yeah! Ok. Next step is extra large, then large, then a medium. Wait— - You’re on the path, man. Congrats. - Let’s go! Don't pick me up— Oh God, don’t pick me up. In 10 days is your next weigh-in and the push-up challenge. - You ready? - I'm ready, man. - I'll see ya then. - See ya, Jimmy. Please don't win too much money on the push-ups… This guy doesn’t know I’m about to take all his cash. Which at this point, Majd was already on pace to win at least another $20,000. Dude. Good work today, man. Proud of you for that 2XL, baby. - Thanks, man. - Yeah. Graduated! Having dropped a whole clothes size gave Majd a huge confidence booster. - How's that 2X feeling? - Good. - Yeah. You look great in it, man. - Thanks. Dude, I'm really proud of you. This is a big step. Although maybe now he had too much confidence. Over the course of the next few days, Majd seemed to have lost a lot of interest in keeping up with his goals. I'm not lookin' forward to this right now. Yeah, this sucks. Maybe it was because Coach wasn’t there… Coach is not gonna be in for training session today. Or the weather… Bro, it's actually snowing! Majd was just simply not being himself. I am tired. But then we unfortunately realized just exactly what was bringing him down. So one year ago, I found out my dad passed away. One whole year ago, my life was changed. Like I lost, like X amount of pounds. I FaceTimed my dad. He's congratulating me and telling me “Oh, you look great,” you know? When you lose a parent, especially just losing someone close, like, it's gonna take a toll on you. Went from almost 270 back to 324 in a matter of months. I'm just so proud of myself to see how far I've come. I'm not lettin’ him down. He's with me. He's watching. Luckily, Coach was there for him in more ways than just fitness… I love you too, Dad. …and was beginning to have a profound impact on his life. Good man. Made a good son. Thanks, Coach. - Yeah, brother. - For real. I got you. Thanks for sharing that with me. It looked like Majd had found strength to keep pushing after all. It has been over two months since we started this challenge, and I have a surprise for Majd after his weigh-in. - Jimmy! - All right. - It's game time, baby. - What up? - Before we get into these push-ups… - Let’s go! - How much do you weigh? - I don't know. - Let's find out. - Come on! It has been over 2 months. Last weigh-in, you weighed 303 pounds. And now, Majd weighs… Oh my gosh. I wanna see. 286 pounds! Yeah! Since the beginning of this challenge, you've lost 38% of your total goal weight. Wait, where are you going? Majd! Come on! I'm gonna interpret that as, he's very happy right now. Come on! Push-up challenge! As promised, Majd, every push-up you do, I will add $1,000 to your prize pool. Get in position. On the first day of this challenge, you weren't exactly the best at push-ups. - How many can you do now? - Let's find out. When you're ready… $1,000… $2,000… $3,000… $4,000… $5,000— Majd, you’re getting rich. $11,000… $12,000— Yo, this is crazy. - $18,000— - 19! - $19,000— - 20! All right, you're up to 20 grand. Oh, yeah. I’m here. How many more do you have in you? I got some, bruh. I got some— Got more in you? Majd, look at this right here. This could go in your bank account. Let's go. 25, 26, 27, 28… 29. 30 grand! I believe in you. 31. 32— 32? Ah! 31 push-ups, aka $31,000, will be added to your prize pool. Look how red his eyes were. Bro, you just pushed yourself. I'm very proud of you, man. You're becoming healthier, you're losing weight, and have now over 2-X'd your push-ups since being in here. You should be really proud of yourself. Thanks, Jimmy. For real, thank you. And follow me to find out what your next challenge is. Oh my gosh. - Wait, why are we going outside? - Uh, you'll see. Your next challenge: every $1 you can carry for a lap around this building, I will add it to your prize pool. Ok. That doesn’t sound too hard. Well, it depends. You might get greedy. And you might try to carry $500,000, but you can't make it all the way through, and then you lose. That's a lot of thinking. And to top this day off, which I would say's been pretty good, I have one final surprise. Come on inside and come see your family. Mom! No way! Oh, no way! My mom, my sister, my brother-in-law, Dani! Have fun with your family. They can stay here as long as they want. - No way! - Yup. Mom— you guys are here! And over the next few days, Majd's family did everything they could to support him in his weight loss journey, like cleaning the gym and preparing meals so that he could train for the money walk challenge. The big focus right now is just to get your grip strength up and the endurance. Coach wants me to emulate how it would be for me to carry duffel bags full of money. Keep in mind, too, the faster you walk, the faster it's gonna be done. We're also working back your shoulders, your upper back. The main goal with this is we're gonna be building up your strength to be able to do some work. And with Majd progressing so much in his workouts, Coach's incredible impact on his life was so great, he became a member of the family. [singing “Happy Birthday” in Arabic] Thank you so much. You do a great job! And with his family visit coming to an end… Bye, mom. And me being halfway around the world shooting another video… For the next few weeks, Coach and Majd's connection would only grow even stronger. You have one new message. Yo, my man. This is so cool, we get to do this together and form this deep friendship. Man, you rock. The way I've come to know you over these past couple months, man. It’s like, you're just a very kind, caring, compassionate human being. You're gonna positively influence millions of people. I haven't thought that far. I don't know why I got this idea in my head. What was that like, jumping in that money? All right, your turn, Coach. Yeah, I don’t know if I want to get out of here. - What up, man? - Yo. It’s ya boy, Coach. Who this? And because their bond was so powerful, what came next was the worst thing that's ever happened in one of my videos. And because I was still out of the country, one of my producers had to break the news. - Yo! - Yo! - Hey, how's it going? - Will, right? Yeah. How you doin'? - Are you tellin' me I'm fired? - No. This is bad. No, I wish that’s what I was telling you, I'll be honest. Um… but I do have really unfortunate news. I hate to be the person to tell you this, uh… Coach Wall was found dead in his apartment yesterday. No. No… No, man. No. No, don’t lie to me, bro! No, that’s not something I would joke about. Oh my God…. Oh, no… No, this has gotta be a joke, bro. There’s no way… Bro, there’s no way… Over the next few days, visitors poured in to help Majd process his grief while he contemplated the decision of continuing or stopping this video. Because ultimately, whether or not this video continues was up to him. You know, both times I experienced a loss… it's snowing outside. Yo, my man! This is so cool we get to do this together. —so cool we get to do this together. Coach? I look at the door and… I just hope he walks through. Coach was side-by-side with me. And now, he isn't here. He was a good dude. And he spoke very highly of you. And he believes in you, man. The moment I arrived back in the US, I went to see Majd. And I'm choosing not to play our conversation here, but essentially, I wanted to let him know that his grief was real and that we could end the video right then and there if he didn't want to continue. - We're not pullin' the plug on this. - Yeah? I can't let him down. I'm doing this for myself, and now it’s for Coach, too. To honor his mentor and friend, Coach Wall, Majd refused to take on another trainer for his next challenge. And in the days leading up to the money walk, he gave every ounce of strength he had in every single workout. This is exactly why I thought that for Majd’s next milestone, it was only fitting that I give him something to honor his dear friend. Before we do the day 100 challenge, I wanted to give you something a little special that you can put up on the wall. Oh, man. Incredible human being. I'm so grateful that I got to, you know, spend time with him. Where do you want to put up your wall plaque? Literally right at the door. Coach! How are ya? Just looking up at this, it’s just gonna be my motivation moving forward. - Thanks, Jimmy. - No problem. Let's go weigh in and see how much weight Majd has lost. One hundred days ago, Majd weighed 324 pounds. And now… let's see what he weighs. You've lost over 50 pounds! Yeah! Meaning, Majd is officially halfway through the challenge! Only one thing left to do! Let's see how much money Majd can carry. We have $100,000 that you could win. That was not supposed to fall. Remember, you can carry as much or as little as you want, but if you drop any of it, you walk away with nothing. Ok. How's it feel? It feels good. I mean, it feels pretty light. He’s now got 15 grand. One more? Ok, one more. This one on my arm. All right, that's $40,000. We pushin’ for 50? Nah. $40,000. - This is all for Coach Wall. - Come on. When you're ready, cross the start line. Let's do it. - Let's go, man. - All right, he's off. Come on, Majd, you got this. All right, he's cooking Bro, he is running with that thing! $40,000. Don't pass out on us. Claw! Chandler, don't let him touch the red line. I'll push you over before that happens. For Coach Wall! Quarter of the way done. If a single bag, a single dollar, touches the pavement… Dollar! you lose all 40 grand. Wait, are the bags closed? - Yeah? - Most of em'. No! Hey, you need a break? You can just put the money down. - No. No break. - Yeah, yeah. Keep going. Three quarters of the way. I feel pretty tired! Are you gonna pass out? You’re almost there! Less than 10 steps! Cross it! He did it! Your prize pool has now increased to $321,000. Let’s go! Time to make it rain, baby! Adding it to the pot. Yeah! Do you remember on day 1, how long it took you to run a mile? 17:01… One mile. Dang. For our next challenge, if you can do a mile in under 8 minutes and 30 seconds, aka, half of your one mile time, I'll add another $25,000 to your prize pool. I'll see ya in 30 days. You have a lot of time you need to shave off. Bro, 8 minutes and 30 seconds sounds easy, but that's hard. We’re gonna get through it, though. We’re gonna give it our all. Majd started training immediately. I have to get a baseline today. I'm gonna find out how long it takes for you to run a mile. The challenge is 8 minutes and 30 seconds. We're aiming for anywhere around like a 10 minute, 11 minute mile. I’m done. Good Lord. Oh, damn. I just ran my first mile, 12 minutes and 50 seconds. My legs are on fire. Means I have to shave 5 minutes. It’s gonna be tough. This is strictly cardio, something that I only do 2 times a week. And the cardio that I do 2 times a week isn't even this. Majd looked like he was struggling, so I thought I'd check in to share something that might help. When Shopify heard about your weight loss journey, they decided they wanted to help out. Inside is a bunch of gear to help you train to get under 8.5 minutes. Actual running shoes, more supplements, an actual track suit, better clothes, better gear. Here's some balls. Do you get the point? This thing is loaded with things to help get your mile time down. And they're all from businesses built on Shopify. Thanks, Shopify! Your race is in 20 days. Shopify, me, and millions of people are rooting for you. - Let's go! - Get that time under 8.5 minutes! Majd wasted no time in running with his new gear and he even had some other ideas. Let's go! Come on, man. You got this! Don't let me beat you. The mile’s ours! I'm honestly not sure if that helped, but Majd seemed more fired up than ever. And we were all starting to see a difference in him. - Majd-eroni! - What up, baby! I noticed something, your clothes are a little baggy. Wait! No way. Yeah, put the banana down. We got you clothes one size smaller. When Majd started this video, he was a three XL. When you put these on, you'll officially be just an XL. Damn! Congrats. 10 days. We'll see if you can do the mile. Majd wasted no time in getting to work. And other than yelling across to our prison set where a cop and a criminal are trapped together, - Hey, yo! - Yo! He completely locked in. But his victory was far from guaranteed. - It’s day 130! - Come on man! Come on! Are you ready? Yeah! Think I gotta change… This is the first time in 130 days I've seen him not in a white shirt. When we started this video, it took you 17 minutes to run a mile. And now, 130 days later. You must do it in under 8 minutes and 30 seconds. Are you ready? Come on! 3, 2, 1… Go! 25 grand on the line. Let's see if he can do it. Let's go! One out of seven laps down. Majd is flying through his second lap. It's amazing to see how far he's come in only 130 days. When Majd didn't know where to start his weight loss journey, I helped him just like Shopify helps entrepreneurs when they don't know how to start a brand new business. Remember at the start of this video when you didn't know how to begin your weight loss journey? Absolutely. That's how it can feel for brand new entrepreneurs and exactly why Shopify exists to help them start their businesses. Don't quit on us! Let's go! Shopify literally helped me launch Feastables with an online business. I had no idea how to set up a store, fulfill orders, but thanks to Shopify, we've sold millions of bars. Water, water! Go! Ah, thanks! Hurry up, Majd! You're running out of time! There's only 2 minutes remaining. His pacing has slowed down tremendously. We don't have enough time. We have to run with him. Last lap! Majd dig deep! We’re coming with you! To those of you watching at home, go start the business that you've been dreaming of. Go to Shopify.com/MrBeast. Starting an online business. It's easier than you think. You're almost there! Come on! Go! Let's go! I can’t believe it! Majd you did it in 8 minutes and 4 seconds. Congrats, Majd! Thanks Jimmy! You show up for me, I show up for you! - Who’d you show up for? - Coach Wall. He shows up for me every day. I show up for him every day. Congrats on 25 grand! But more importantly, let's go see how much weight you’ve lost. Come on! Turn off the lights! On day 1, he weighed 324 pounds. On day 30, he weighed 303 pounds. On day 60, he weighed 286 pounds. On day 100, he weighed 271 pounds. And now, reveal his weight! That’s 71 pounds since the start! All right. Ok, don’t hurt him! Maybe at the end of the video, we'll lift you up. When you started, you were able to dead hang for 6 seconds. In exactly 30 days, for every second you can hang, I will give you $1,000. Get out of here. And truthfully, because your hang time was… …awful. I brought someone who literally trains bodybuilders. This guy has a degree in biochemistry and is the smartest fitness influencer I could find, Jeff Nippard. Let's go! All right, he just did the whole mile thing. He's on adrenaline. I personally think you can do a pull-up. I wanted to do a pull-up my whole entire life. Just one single pull-up. If you can do it, I'll throw in an extra 10K. - No way. - I got you. In 30 days? Wait Majd, you can win a lot of money. These next 30 days are important. Yeah, they are. They're crucial. And to celebrate crushing the mile, Majd and Jeff sat down to share a little something special. - The Feastables cups! - Let's go. This is something that I really wanted to have. You deserve it. You earned it. This is a big moment for me, guys. Cheers, brother. That's some good stuff. This peanut butter is like real peanut butter. Right? So good. It was clear that in order to dead hang for a minute, let alone do a singular pull-up, Majd would have to alter his training plan significantly to focus on upper-body strength. - Take your grip. - Ok. And then this is gonna really kinda shoot you up. Does that make sense? So it's giving you a lot of assistance. Ok. Jeff! I'm so sorry. The main goal for me is to finish this, lose the 100 pounds, and just make sure that the world can hopefully see Coach's impact. I'm crushing dead hang! In only 3 days, Jeff really helped Majd improve his dead hang, which was not looking good for my bank account. This guy is an animal. Do you wanna guess what it was? It’s probably like 37 seconds. 45? No way. It’s not even the end of the first week! Let's go! With Majd now set up for success, Jeff left it up to him to prepare over the next 27 days. This is where the real challenge starts, right? Now I’m all alone. On his own now, Majd was really starting to see his body improve. I can feel these chisels. He started locking in on everything, from his workouts… You saw that? Eating only 1800 calories a day… We just switched over to 1800 calories. And even having a strict sleeping schedule. 10 o’clock food cut-off, sleep by 12. So for the remainder of training for the dead hang challenge, Majd really was set up for success. Chalked up. I gotta do 3 sets of dead hangs, 10 to 20 seconds Every single day, he improved his hang time. Day of the challenge, when it comes down to it… we’re going till like, my thumbs actually fall off. I'm so close! It really just goes to show that when you put your mind to something, anything is possible. Doing pull-ups, running miles in under 8 minutes and 30 seconds, carryin' a bunch of money around, doing 40 pushups straight. Such an incredible story. Game day tomorrow, baby! Day 161. Let's see how Majd is doing. Drive! Why’s it stuck? Bro, I’m literally flooring it. Majd! - It’s weigh-in day! - What the— I think you broke the door. Bro! It's the big day! Are you ready? - Uh yeah, I'm ready, man. - This is gonna be awesome. To kick things off, we're gonna see how much you weigh. My theory is you're actually pretty close to finishing the challenge. I feel like it. And then second, we're gonna dangle you 100 feet in the air. What? And every second you hang, you win $1,000. Ok. Hold on. - Dangled from a crane? - Hey! Don't worry about it. - Let's weigh in. - Oh, man. What do you think that number will say? 246. Majd has done 10,000 steps a day. Followed his diet perfectly. Not skipped a single rep on his workouts. Hop on. Let's go! 3, 2, 1… Reveal the weight! 234 pounds! What? No way! - No! No! - Yeah! You only have 10 more pounds to lose, and then this video is over. If you play your cards right, you could be out of here in the next 30 days. Thanks, Jimmy. All right, but now you need to lock in. Come on! Let’s go outside. Today we find out how long I can dead hang for. I have no idea what Jimmy has in store for me. All I know is there's a crane, a platform, and a bar for me to hang from. 100 feet in the sky and $1,000 for every second you can hang. Majd, are you ready? 3, 2, 1… Here we go. All right, the time has started. 4 seconds, 5 seconds… Hey Majd, look down! - Oh my gosh, does that scare you? - Not at all. Oh, my— Wait, get a shot of this. This is real. Look at that. 15 seconds has gone by. You've already doubled your first time. Majd has now won $20,000. - This is light work for you, bro. - Do not quit! You're almost there, Majd. You're almost there, brother. You're the one that's going to accomplish this! 30 seconds! Focus on your breath. Don't listen to Jimmy. His hands are giving out. His face is getting red. Don't regret this! Bro, do you think I'm not watching you? 40 seconds! I got eyes on you at all times. Keep pushing. Don't stop. 50 seconds! You don't have to follow your diet plan. You don't have to stay inside this red circle. You don't need to do anything. You don't even need to do this, but you're choosing to do this. Let's go, Majd! Your prize pool's now 400 grand. His arms are shaking. You're almost there. I can't open my eyes. 60 seconds! The hardest part of all this, obviously, is the connection that I had with Coach. It sucks that, like, it was so close. Oh, he just dropped. A minute! It was— Oh my God. The entire platform. 6 seconds to 60 seconds. That's 10X! Hello? That's $60,000! - I'm so proud of you, man. - Let’s go, man! You officially made it a minute and one second. Let's go! But we're not stopping there. Because as you'll remember… If he could do a pull-up, I'd throw in an extra 10K. Let's go, man. - You ready? - I'm ready. Big breath. And then you're gonna drive as hard as you can, chest to the bar. Let's go! Let's go! Can you do another one? Wait, 3. Wait, he doesn’t need help! Let’s go! No way! Let's go fill up the prize pool. I've never seen Majd this happy before. I told you I was gonna break the bank today! There we go. $71,000 has now been added to the prize pool. What the heck? I know you're on cloud nine. Arguably the best day of your life. But I do have to give some bad news. That was the final challenge. No, losing 100 pounds was the final challenge. Ok, yes, but that's the final micro-challenge. - Ok. - So… - We'll start weighing you every day. - Let's go! And when you officially lose the next 10 pounds, video's over. All right. Good luck, man. Thanks, Jimmy. Majd has only 10 pounds left to lose. So at this point, it had become clear that he was on track to hit his goal weight within the next month. So it started out 250,000. Now it's at 417,000. It was actually insane. Now that it's my final 10 pounds, we are coming to an end man. These may be my last few weeks in here. It's definitely a bittersweet feeling. It's kind of crazy how far we've come in less than 6 months. It's like I look at myself like, who is this person? If my old self walked through that door right there, right now, he'd be like, "Who is this?" I've seen the seasons change while I've been in here. Bro! Look at that! I've been inside of a red circle, basically away from everything. I'm just, I’m so grateful. So thankful for the experience. Coach being the biggest impact of this whole thing. God rest his soul. I know he'd be proud of me. He said this one thing, "It’s so cool that we get to do this together." While Coach gave Majd all the tools he needed to lose 100 pounds, when he does finally leave the circle, it will be up to him to apply what he's learned to his everyday life. The journey’s almost over— Sike. The journey’s almost over in here. The real journey starts on the outside. I have the clothes that I wore when I first got in here. I'm gonna try 'em on. Let's just say… we lost a little bit of weight. Bro, look how baggy these are. Seeing Majd trying on his old clothes gave me an idea. What if he could try on his old body? This is a bodysuit that is a 1-to-1 replica of Majd on day 1. No joke, we scanned your body, saw exactly where you lost fat, and created this suit. Bro, there’s no way this is me. That's literally another human being. - Let's put it on. - I gotta wear this? 175 days ago, you wore this every day. This is crazy! I wanna see myself real quick. Oh my God! No way! This fat suit weighs exactly 97 pounds. He is now back at his starting weight. You probably forgot what life used to feel like. Let's do a lap. I hope this helps you realize how much you’ve changed throughout this video. Alright, let's try a lap. Here's footage of him actually running a lap on day 1. If you think he's being dramatic, go pick up 97 pounds, and you'll see, that's a lot of weight to have on your body. There you go. You like your day 1 body, or your day 175 body? Of course, my day 175 body. Since we're weighing Majd every day, we were seeing him get closer and closer, until he was only a half a pound away from his goal of 224 pounds. - Oh my God, dude. - You have no idea how close you are. Wait, wait, wait. Can I turn around? Seeing just how far Majd had come from his old self made it pretty clear to everyone that it was probably time to do his final weigh in. Today could be my last day. It's crazy. 6 months. Half a year. Today could be the day all the hard work paid off. Or we're still half a pound away. Over these 6 months, Majd slashed his daily caloric intake by 600 calories, decreased his fat mass by over 50%. He also did 3,950 pushups and made 17,600 basketball shots. And according to his doctor, if he keeps this up, he'll have increased his lifespan by around 5 years. But before we know if this is his final weigh in, we have a message from Majd, from himself. This is actually a video from day 1. Play it. Majd, you're looking lean. You're looking healthy. You're looking bald. Beautiful as ever. But most importantly, you don't wanna go back to what you're looking at now. This is something that you never wanna feel again. Once you break that barrier, you continue to push on and push through, you'll never wanna get back to this. This is something that you're gonna do for the rest of your life. I'm not gonna let you fall off. 100% 178 days ago. Dang, bro. That's crazy. Majd, it's time. I gathered all your best friends, even David Letterman. David Letterman! Yeah! He told me he's a fan of his show so I brought him out. Good luck! This could be the final weigh in. - Ok. - The last time. Reveal the results! Let's go! And before he goes out to see his family, we're gonna do something a little different and jump forward in time to show you his full transformation. Here it is. After half a year. Wait… Yo! Bro! I might get married. I might get married! 178 days in this circle. Take your hand off your eyes. We brought your family out! Oh, I love you, mom! You know, without Coach Wall I wouldn't have been able to do this. And he said it would be so cool that we get to do this together. And today is that day that we get to do this together. Thank you guys for watching!
